Home Runs rising at a rapid pace
In the MLB the long ball has never been more in style. It’s even more in style than it was back in the Steroid Era, where stars like Barry Bonds, Mark McGwire, and Sammy Sosa were clubbing homers all over the park. Today’s MLB is totally different. The home run is more important than anything. It’s more important than a player’s batting average. It’s more important than stolen bases. It’s also made a strikeout to not be viewed in a negative light. According to statistics, 14.2 percent of all hits in the big leagues are home runs. That’s the highest in the history of the sport. 
So what is the biggest difference between now and just three years ago which saw a 20 year low for home runs in a season? For one, players are no longer scared to strikeout. The more aggressive approach at the plate is showing in a lot of players in today’s game. For example, Aaron Judge of the New York Yankees is on pace to hit over 40 home runs, but he’s also on pace to strike out over 200 times. Back in the steroid era, 200 strikeouts for an all-star player was unheard of. According to baseball reference, players are hitting 1.27 home runs per game. The numbers have been rising since the 2014 season. Players are also striking out 8.22 times per game which has also risen significantly in recent years. Has this made the game better? While the game is more exciting for the fans because of the long balls, the sole focus of hitting home runs can prove to be detrimental to the sport. As players get older they no longer have the same power nor bat speed. So if they only focus on hitting home runs early in their career they will struggle to adjust as they age and will in turn fail to develop the skills to be able to hit to all sides of the field.  
Some have speculated that the baseballs are now juiced. However, Commissioner Rob Manfred dispelled that notion at the All-Star Game. 
“[The sport] has done more testing on the baseballs in the last few years than [ever],” Manfred said.  “And we know with certainty the baseball falls within the specifications that have existed for many years. We are in the process of trying to come to a conclusion as to what is going on.”
Talent-wise the game of baseball is excelling. There are so many young players who have the ability to carry the league. However with the focus on only hitting home runs they can end up becoming slightly one-dimensional. During the steroid era players were clubbing homers, but they were also hitting for high averages and stealing bases, which made them the complete baseball players.
Perhaps, fans should stop glorifying the home run and  hope that players focus on the other aspects of the game that can help the team win. However, until then, we’ll continue to see home runs increase, but we’ll also continue to see strikeouts rise, which isn’t a good sign. 
