# Digital-Frameworks
	Adriano Espaillat is a former State Senator from New York. Espaillat, who was born in the Dominican Republic, represented the predominantly Hispanic and African- American neighborhoods which include Marble Hill, Inwood, Fort George, Washington Heights, and many more. He graduated from Queens College in 1978 with a B.S. degree in Political Science. He is the first Dominican-American member of congress. 
	Perhaps the most interesting aspect of Espaillat’s background is that he came to America as an undocumented immigrant at the age of nine. That’s why he tries to help the Hispanic community as much as he can when it comes to housing issues and the new crisis with undocumented immigrants that President Trump is proposing. In an article for CNN, Espaillat said that those days of living in fear of being deported shape his view of how children of undocumented parents must feel.
	Espaillat was a member of the Senate from 2011 until 2016 where he was a part of many causes to bring equality to those who were not receiving it. As one of his first acts while in Congress, he joined the LGBTQ Equality Caucus. 
	He is also in total favor of Health Care for everyone. According to his website, he believes health care, and especially affordable health care is a right to have.
	What makes Espaillat so successful in both the Senate and now congress is that he is relatable and understands what the hard-working people need. He believes that in order to be a financial stable person, family, or country it must start with a good paying job. That’s something that an everyday American can resonate with. 
	Along with everything he does in the local communities, Espaillat is also involved in foreign affairs. He serves the House Foreign Affairs Committee and the Western Hemisphere Subcommittee.
